---
title: Frequently Asked Questions
permalink: /platforms-and-programmes/chi-start-up-enterprise-link/faq/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: CHI Start Up Enterprise Link
---
<h4>Frequently Asked Questions</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Question</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Response</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>How many winners will there be for CHISEL InnoMatch 2024?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to three (3) winners will be selected at the end of this year’s Challenge.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Can a company submit more than one proposal?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Yes. However, each proposal should be a distinct solution from other proposals you are submitting.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If I am offering a telemedicine or digitalisation solution type, should I submit my proposal under the Clinical or Healthcare Sustainability track?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If your solution is aimed at reducing patients visits and consumption of healthcare in the hospitals, it would be better suited for the Clinical track. The Healthcare Sustainability track is focused on hospitals’ management of healthcare waste, materials and energy. Solutions submitted under one CHISEL track may be reassigned to the other track if it is deemed that the submitted solution is more suitable for the latter track. Such reassignments, whether from Healthcare Sustainability track to Clinical track or vice versa, will be communicated to the respective participants in a timely manner, and any decision made in this regard will be final.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If I am an overseas winner of CHISEL InnoMatch, would I need to relocate to Singapore during the test-bedding?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Relocating or setting up a local office in Singapore is not mandatory. However, we do strongly advise and encourage winners to build local contacts or partnerships e.g. local distributor. This is to facilitate communication and provide local support to the partner healthcare cluster you are paired with for the test-bedding. A local presence would be helpful in building a long-term partnership (especially if the test-bedding results are favourable).</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Do I need to find my own partner healthcare institutions or clinicians for the submission?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>No, you do not have to. Through CHISEL, the winning teams will be paired up with the interested healthcare institutions at the end of the Finale. The paired healthcare institution will help you to identify the clinical project lead that you will be working with for the test-bedding.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>What does the grant funding cover?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The grant funding covers costs incurred by the winner and partnered healthcare institutions specifically for the purposes of the test-bed, such as:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Pilot manufacturing,</p></li><li><p>Purchase of consumables,</p></li><li><p>Customisation,</p></li><li><p>Test-bedding services (e.g. protocol planning, data management),</p></li><li><p>Analytics and evaluation services.</p></li></ul><p></p><p>All CHISEL 2024 test-bed solutions are strongly encouraged to be evaluated using the <a href="https://www.chi.sg/platforms-and-programmes/chief/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">CHI Evaluation Framework (CHIEF)</a>. CHIEF is a holistic framework for the evaluation of innovative solutions seeking real world deployment. This would be provided at no cost for the purposes of the programme.</p><p>You may also engage additional services from CHIEF or an independent expert for the purposes of evaluating the test-bed at your discretion. Participants are to provide an estimation of the evaluation costs in your application based on best knowledge.</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p><p>For more Frequently Asked Questions, please view <strong>here</strong>. </p>