---
title: Eligibility Criteria, Rules and FAQs
permalink: /eligibility-rules-faqs/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
---
<h4>1. Eligibility Criteria</h4><p>This Challenge is open and offered solely to:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Start-ups and SMEs. A business entity, regardless of its business area, locally or overseas, Start-up and SMEs with annual revenue below Singapore Dollars One Hundred Million (SGD$100,000,000). This may include research institutions and innovation units of enterprises, if they are subsidiaries.</p></li><li><p>Singapore-based and international participants except for close relatives of anyone involved in the organisation and judging of the challenge. </p></li><li><p>Start-ups and SMEs must not be in negotiation for exit throughout the challenge and test-bedding phase. </p></li><li><p>Start-ups and SMEs are required, in Sponsor’s and/or Organiser’s sole discretion, to provide proof of the above, including but not limited to (i) company registration by submitting a registration certificate issued within the last three (3) months, or ongoing company registration, or any trade registry and proof ensuring the registration of the entity in the relevant country, and (ii) a valid professional insurance policy subscription.</p></li></ul><p></p><h4>Solutions:</h4><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Must be at a high level of market readiness i.e.&nbsp;&nbsp;<a href="https://for.sg/trl" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Technology Readiness Level 7</a> and beyond and/or&nbsp;<a href="https://for.sg/htl" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Healthcare Translational Level 3&nbsp;</a>and beyond, or the equivalent.</p></li><li><p>Must seek to deliver improved patient health outcomes (including but not limited to clinical, functional and patient reported outcomes) and patient experience in line with the challenge statements.</p></li><li><p>Relating to operational processes that do not have a direct impact to patient outcomes will strictly not be accepted.</p></li><li><p>May originate from within or outside of Singapore but are required to be test-bedded and evaluated in one of the three healthcare clusters in Singapore.</p></li><li><p>With the relevant safety and regulatory compliance registration/ approvals/ licensing will be preferred. These must be declared in your application form. While licensing is not a mandatory requirement for participation, these aspects would be used as a gauge of your solution’s maturity.</p></li><li><p>With prior demonstration of clinical efficacy or have been previously validated would be preferred. Proposals in early research studies, early minimally viable products or solutions that are still in development phase will strictly not be accepted.</p></li></ul><p>&nbsp;All the documents that may confirm the Participant’s eligibility may be required prior to awarding any prizes (e.g. identity document, registration certificate, etc.).</p><p>This Challenge is void in countries where it is prohibited or restricted by law. Applications from companies included in the US or EU sanctions list and/or blacklisted by any UN or international agency will not be accepted.</p><p></p><hr><h4>2. Rules</h4><p>Click <strong>here</strong> to read the challenge rules.</p><hr><h4>3. FAQs</h4><table><tbody><tr><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Question</p></th><th rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Answer</p></th></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>How many winners will there be for CHISEL InnoMatch 2024?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Up to three (3) winners will be selected at the end of this year’s Challenge.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If I am offering a telemedicine or digitalisation solution type, should I submit my proposal under the Clinical or Healthcare Sustainability track?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If your solution is aimed at reducing patients visits and consumption of healthcare in the hospitals, it would be better suited for the Clinical track. The Healthcare Sustainability track is focused on hospitals’ management of healthcare waste, materials and energy. Solutions submitted under one CHISEL track may be reassigned to the other track if it is deemed that the submitted solution is more suitable for the latter track. Such reassignments, whether from Healthcare Sustainability track to Clinical track or vice versa, will be communicated to the respective participants in a timely manner, and any decision made in this regard will be final.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>If I am an overseas winner of CHISEL InnoMatch, would I need to relocate to Singapore during the test-bedding?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Relocating or setting up a local office in Singapore is not mandatory. However, we do strongly advise and encourage winners to build local contacts or partnerships e.g. local distributor. This is to facilitate communication and provide local support to the partner healthcare cluster you are paired with for the test-bedding. A local presence would be helpful in building a long-term partnership (especially if the test-bedding results are favourable).</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Do I need to find my own partner healthcare institutions or clinicians for the submission?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>No, you do not have to. Through CHISEL, the winning teams will be paired up with the interested healthcare institutions at the end of the Finale. The paired healthcare institution will help you to identify the clinical project lead that you will be working with for the test-bedding.</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>What does the grant funding cover?</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>The grant funding covers costs incurred by the winner and partnered healthcare institutions specifically for the purposes of the test-bed, such as:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Pilot manufacturing,</p></li><li><p>Purchase of consumables,</p></li><li><p> Customisation,</p></li><li><p>Test-bedding services (e.g. protocol planning, data management),</p></li><li><p>Analytics and evaluation services.</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><p>All CHISEL 2024 test-bed solutions are strongly encouraged to be evaluated using the <a href="https://www.chi.sg/platforms-and-programmes/chief/" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">CHI Evaluation Framework (CHIEF)</a>. CHIEF is a holistic framework for the evaluation of innovative solutions seeking real world deployment. This would be provided at no cost for the purposes of the programme. </p><p>You may also engage additional services from CHIEF or an independent expert for the purposes of evaluating the test-bed at your discretion. Participants are to provide an estimation of the evaluation costs in your application based on best knowledge.</p><p>&nbsp;</p>